# wrangler

## 0.0.7

### Patch Changes

- 1fdcfe3: Subfolder Relative Pathing Fix issue #147
  The filename from args didn't handle relative paths passed in from users with scripts in subfolders.
  To handle the subfolder pathing a path.relative using cwd() to user input filepath to the filepath variable passed into Dev
- 0330ecf: Adds the Content-Type header when serving assets with `wrangler pages dev`. It guesses the mime-type based on the asset's file extension.
- eaf40e8: Improve the error message for bad `kv:namespace delete` commands
- 562d3ad: chore: enable eslint's no-shadow rule
- 9cef492: Adds the logic of @cloudflare/pages-functions-compiler directly into wrangler. This generates a Worker from a folder of functions.

  Also adds support for sourcemaps and automatically watching dependents to trigger a re-build.

- 3426c13: fix: prevent `useWorker`'s inifinite restarts during `dev`
- e9a1820: Upgrade `miniflare` to `2.0.0-rc.5`
- 7156e39: Pass bindings correctly to miniflare/child_process.spawn in `dev`, to prevent miniflare from erroring out on startup
- ce2d7d1: Add experimental support for worker-to-worker service bindings. This introduces a new field in configuration `experimental_services`, and serialises it when creating and uploading a worker definition. This is highly experimental, and doesn't work with `wrangler dev` yet.
- 072566f: Fixed KV getNamespaceId preview flag bug
- 5856807: Improve validation message for `kv:namespace create`

  Previously, if the user passed multiple positional arguments (which is invalid)
  the error message would suggest that these should be grouped in quotes.
  But this is also wrong, since a namespace binding name must not contain spaces.

- 34ad323: Refactor the way we convert configurations for bindings all the way through to the API where we upload a worker definition. This commit preserves the configuration structure (mostly) until the point we serialise it for the API. This prevents the way we use duck typing to detect a binding type when uploading, makes the types a bit simpler, and makes it easier to add other types of bindings in the future (notably, the upcoming service bindings.)

## 0.0.6

### Patch Changes

- 421f2e4: Update base version to 0.0.5, copy the README to packages/wrangler

## 0.0.5

### Patch Changes

- cea27fe: don't log file contents when writing via `kv:key put <key> --path <path>`
- b53cbc8: CI/CD
  - Release flow triggered on PR's closed
- 43e7a82: When using `wrangler pages dev`, enable source maps and log unhandled rejections
- c716abc: Error and exit if the `--type` option is used for the `init` command.

  The `--type` option is no longer needed, nor supported.

  The type of a project is implicitly javascript, even if it includes a wasm (e.g. built from rust).

  Projects that would have had the `webpack` type need to be configured separately to have a custom build.

- 3752acf: Add support for websockets in `dev`, i.e. when developing workers. This replaces the proxy layer that we use to connect to the 'edge' during preview mode, using the `faye-wesocket` library.
- c7bee70: Patches typing mismatches between us, undici and miniflare when proxying requests in pages dev, and also adds fallback 404 behavior which was missed
- 8b6c2d1: Add more fields to the `tsconfig.json` generated by `wrangler init`
- 78cd080: Custom builds for `dev` and `publish`
- cd05d20: import text file types into workers
- 1216fc9: Export regular functions from dialog.ts, pass tests (followup from https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2/pull/124)
- 6fc4c50: Display error message when unknown command is provided to the wrangler CLI.
- 23543fe: Allow the developer to exit `init` if there is already a toml file
- 1df6b0c: enable @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises, pass lint+type check
- 3c5725f: CI/CD Cleanup
  - Removed the build step from tests, which should speed up the "Tests" Workflow.
  - Added a branch specific trigger for "Release", now the Workflow for "Release" should only work on PRs closed to `main`
  - Removed the "Changeset PR" Workflow. Now the "Release" Workflow will handle everything needed for Changesets.
- fb0eae7: support importing `.wasm` files / `workers-rs` support
- e928f94: Improve support for package exports conditionals, including "worker" condition
- 43e7a82: Upgrade `miniflare` to `2.0.0-rc.4`
- f473942: Replaces the static asset server with a more faithful simulation of what happens with a production Pages project.

  Also improves error handling and automatically opens the browser when running `wrangler pages dev`.

## 0.0.0

### Minor Changes

- 689cd55: CI/CD Improvements

  ## Changeset

  Adding configuration allows for use of CLI for changesets. A necessary supplement to the changesets bot, and GitHub Action.

  - Installed Changeset CLI tool
  - NPX changeset init
    - Added changesets directory
    - Config
    - README
  - Modified the config for `main` branch instead of `master`

  ## ESLint & Prettier Integration

  Running Prettier as a rule through ESLint to improve CI/CD usage

  - Added additional TypeScript support for ESLint
  - Prettier errors as ESLint rule
  - .vscode directory w/ settings.json config added that enforces
    the usage of ESLint by anyone working in the workspace

### Patch Changes

- b0fcc7d: CI/CD Tests & Type Checking
  GH Workflow additions:

  - Added Testing script
  - Added Linting script
  - tsc is using skipLibCheck as a current workaround
    - TODO added for future removal
  - Runs on every Pull Request instance
  - Removed npm ci in favor of npm install
    - Removed --prefer-offline in favor of local cache artifact

- 2f760f5: remove `--polyfill-node`
- fd53780: `kv:key put`: make only one of `value` or `--path <path>` necessary
- dc41476: Added optional shortcuts
- 7858ca2: Removed NPM registry and timeout from CI
- 85b5020: Make `wrangler dev` work with durable objects
